----- 2.5.0.2 Maintenance Release -----

Added missing bugTo and bugFrom constants to configVars.php

Added ability to use label or id for standard fields in data group files
Added validation for standard ticket fields to data group file entries

Fixed problems with character set (formatting not right in various languages)

Email not right when creating contacts - Fixed

If a MOVE is required and the current owner doesn't have access to the destination Bin, the owner is set to NULL

Add admin settings to keep owners when moving a ticket, closing it and setting it to pending

Fixed translation errors

Added an option to delete data groups

Added missing -value_column- entry in behavior detail (only when using file groups)

Fixed problem with file based groups not showing more than one entry.

----- 2.5.0.1 Bug Fix -----

Fixed "1(invalid)" [others similar] values in custom_menu fields.

----- 2.5 Major Release -----

Documentation (user's manual and admin manual)

Custom fields (user defined fields)

Contact lists

Field behaviors and groups (dynamically load choices to pulldown menus)

Paging feature (results show with next/last page links)

New 'Report Bug' link


----- 2.4.4 Maintenance Release ------

Addresses all current bugs and applies all current patches

Search priority issues

Error reporting improvements

Fixed date formatting on ticket add/edit pages

Fixed attachment issues

Translation updates

More internationalization

----- 2.4.3 Maintenance Release ------

Addressed all currently known issues and applied all current patches.

----- v2.4.2 Security Patch -----

Further auditing and tightening of the config params

Addition of login params to the security list


----- v2.4.2 Security Release -----

Correct security issue with overriding config params

Improved ticket sorting

Improved priority coloring


----- V2.4.1 (2003-05-08) ----

Update translation files

Optimize translation process

Email gateway enhancements

Priority coloring added


----- V2.4.0.1 (2003-04-21) -----

Fixed 2 errors in the 2.4 release.

Updates for help section.

----- V2.4 (2003-04-19) -----

MAJOR 

Translation Engine: translate to any language with simple translation file(several languages included) 

Clean up Help subsystem, removed dead links and added link to forum on support page. 

Postgres Testing/Compatability complete (no longer beta) 

Added some simple utilities for creating tickets via email (to compliment email gateway system) 

Updated email logic to email appropriate users, even if not on notify list 

MINOR 

Revised issue with users moving tickets (header.php not found error) 

Updated "log" action in egate, and cleaned up a bit 

Cache the priority pulldown in admin screens for speed 
sped up systems screen for users with massive numbers of systems 

Work for sorting of bins: create and search menus 

Fixed URL and UNC paths displayed in tickets 

Add "Hours Worked" to printed/emailed tickets 

Added a support page. 
Removed extra shebang (causing stdout message) from included file 

Fixed problem with ticket reply addresses when using egate 
The reply address will now always point to egate if enabled 

Fixed problem with emails sent to egate with ``,'' in reply address 

Reinstated the auto-close for "note" types 

Enhanced Debugging Output

----- V2.3.2 (2003-03-26) ----

Fixed install and upgrade docs -- added notes and fixed typos

Fixed configVars.php white space -- causing problems for some users.

----- V2.3.1 (2003-03-19) ----

Enhanced egate system to always send a reply if possible 

Fixed email notifications which were not working

Removed some extraneous queries by passing the ticket array rather than the id

Fixed notify bug causing blank entries in notify list

Fixed error with assigning tickets to users who don't have access to bin ticket is in. (Tickets can now only be assigned to users with access to the ticket's current bin)

Fixed issue with tab counts: related always displaying 1, even if should be 0

Fixed problem with logs showing action as LOG, even if a different one is chosen.

Fixed log urls with caps and ? in them to format properly

Corrected date shown in search log results.

Correcting user names not showing correctly in generated reports

Filtered projects from the Assigned to ... list

Adding more template forms missing in cvs

Updated move form to only show valid choices

Fixed default_test_checked not working properly

Fixed error in help message for email gateway which said to enter users name, should be email address

Enhanced the subject parsing logic to try and deduce improperly formatted Subjects and get the right info out

----- V2.3 (2003-03-12) ---- 

NEW FEATURES 

Email Gateway Interface 

Notify Lists 

Editing tickets now controlled on a "per bin" access level based on the level_edit setting (instead of straight default access) 

Created new templating system for use with zenTrack 

Filtered projects from ticket listing 

Improved logoff functions 
Thanks to roland spahn (rosp) for feedback 

Enabled editing of projects for users without 
default_level >= 5 (if they have >= 5 for bin) 

Session enhancements: support for older versions of php, and hopefully 
will clear up problems for users experiencing multiple login requests 
because of session issues. 

Close ticket, username retention 

Added counts to ticket tabs 

Added mssqlserver build and seed files to install 
Thanks to Jim Martin for this contribution! 

Added some default settings for start_date and deadlines. 

FIXES 

Fixed problem with user lists not having correct permissions 

Fixes for popupcalendar feature 

Improved ticket creator viewing permissions 

Added new utility: checkEmail() 

Cleanup of comments and instructions 

Made date formats for report images 
more compatible with windows setups 

Fixed actionApplicable() typo 
Thanks to Jamin W. Collins (jamincollins) 

Fixed some email problems with reopen and reject 
Thanks to Claudio for his notes 

Fixed total hours issues 

Fixed sorting of systems by replacing $zen->systems with $zen->getSystems(1) 
Thanks to efeldhaus ( Erwin Feldhaus ) for reporting this anomaly, and 
suggestions on the improvement 

Fixed problem displaying bins with quotes in name 

Fixed problem with changing bins while viewing ticket 
(fatal error: zenTrack.class cannot be redefined)


----- v2.2.1 (2003-01-27) ------

Fixed assignment problems on project create

Cleaned up some form input and syntax warnings

Corrected some blank page issues for IIS users

----- v2.2.0 (2003-01-14) ------

php 4.2 compliant (register_globals fun)

Added usage reports, graphical and html

Fixed display issues between tickets and projects

Added 'sticky tabs' for projects and tickets

Fixed reject ticket bug

----- v2.1.0 (not released) ------

Minor bug fixes... some oracle problems corrected.

Added Postgres build/seed files.  Thanks to jofry@users.sourceforge.net!

----- v2.0.3 Live (2002-06-03) ------

Created a zenTrack project with useful tickets to begin new users, and explain 
to them how to configure their system accordingly.

Fixed several link bugs associated with ticketView.php and attachmentView.php

Fixed -DEBUG OVERVIEW- in footer to include some highly valuable info
for troubleshooting support requests.

----- v2.0.2 Beta (2002-05-06) -----

Changed "password" to "passphrase" for Sybase compatibility.

Fixed $rootUrl issues with url_ticket_view and url_attachment_view

Fixed some issues with the "view all users" function in user admin

Fixed issue with the "first login" so that it will make users
change their passphrase from the default before they can continue

Comments added to configVars.php section to indicate
better use of Oracle/adodb methods

setenv() functions added for locale related issues, and for oracle
fixes


----- v2.0.1c beta (2002-05-01) ------

All upper case column names changed to lower case 
entries for oracle/adodb compatibility

Fixed bug in new project form concerning the start date.

----- v2.0.1 Beta (2002-04-27) ------
  
Oracle issue with uppercase column names (hopefully) overcome 
with use of the ADODB function "oci8po"

Fix for ONAMES and HOSTNAMES provided by Izzy (thanks Izzy!)
  
Oracle build files tested and repaired.  Several bugs with
reserved words and escape characters removed.

configVars.php and header.php files cleaned up, and better
commented.

Sybase bug with reserved word "role" fixed.

INSTALL.README, and install.html files updated

CHANGELOG implemented (and needed)

----- v2.0 Beta (2002-04-23) ------
  
Too many changes to list!
  
Added ADODB abstraction, making zenTrack fully 
Database Compatible.
  
Completely rewrote the zenTrack.class, much cleaner, 
  more efficient, faster

Added the zen.class for basic utilities
  
Added attachments
  
Rewrote the administrative tools, and completely 
  re-dedesigned the database structure to support
  a very dynamic base and adaptable design
  
Began code changes to create a complete level based
  debugging tool and for report generation (planned for
  version 2.1)